Thank you for your interest in contributing to Tesco software projects ("Tesco", “we”, “our” or “us”).
In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with contributions from any person or entity, we must have
a Contributor License Agreement ("CLA") on file that has been signed by each contributor, indicating agreement to the
license terms below. This license is for your protection as a contributor as well as the protection of Tesco, its staff,
contractors and licensees as well as its users; it does not change your rights to use your own contributions for any
other purpose.

You (as defined below) accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for your present and future Contributions
(as defined below) submitted to us. Except for the license granted in this CLA to Tesco and recipients of software
distributed by Tesco, you reserve all right, title, and interest in and to your Contributions.

This CLA has been derived from the Apache Contributor Licence Agreement with some small changes.  Please read this CLA
carefully before agreeing and keep a copy for your records.

1. Definitions.
"You" or "your" shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorised by the copyright owner that is making this
agreement with us. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are
controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes
of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares,
or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship or invention, including any modification or addition to an
existing work, that is intentionally submitted by you to us for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the open
source products or projects owned or managed by Tesco to which Contributions may be made (the "Work"). For the purposes
of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to us or its
representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, us for the purpose of discussing and improving the
Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by you as "Not a
Contribution."

2. Grant of Copyright License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you hereby grant to Tesco and to recipients of software
distributed by Tesco a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute your
Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this CLA, you hereby grant to Tesco and to recipients of software distributed by
Tesco a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section)
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license
applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that are necessarily infringed by your Contribution(s) alone or by
combination of your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes
patent litigation against you or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that
your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement,
then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of
 the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to
intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission
to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to us.

5. You represent that each of your Contributions is your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of
others) and, to the best of your knowledge, your Contribution does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any
third party. You represent that your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or
other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and
which are associated with any part of your Contributions.

6. You are not expected to provide support for your Contributions, except to the extent you desire to provide support.
You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Save as otherwise set out in this CLA or unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, you provide your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Should you wish to submit work that is not your original creation, you may submit it to us separately from any
Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not
limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously
marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

8. You agree to notify us of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations
inaccurate in any respect.

9. We will only use any personal information you provide to us for the purposes of our open source software projects.
We will not share your personal information with any organisation outside of our group of companies unless we have a
legal obligation to do so, or if we have to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.


Please sign: __________________________________


Date: ________________
